--- Page 1 ---
WhisperAI Transcription Report
Title: new-recording-69m4a_DkIqfFav
Date: 10/6/2026
Duration: 299 seconds
Language: en
TRANSCRIPTION
Hey, I'll show you a quick reimbursement app for time being. This is built by us, I guess it's
very sophisticated. We're not expecting you to have such level of sophistication.
So if you can see it, I can just quickly create a domestic travel request.
For the sake of time, I just already added a separate tab, visit to Delhi, and Delhi as the
destination. As you can see here And then I'm just submitting this, okay, submitting an
approval of 20K.
Okay, now this is, uh, gone to the trip approval to Rohit Sharma, and that's where— let me
open Rohit Sharma's profile, right, for the sake of it. Like, I'm just signing in as a manager,
and I get a notification here just now.
I made a request, 20K, right, uh, September 2026. As you can see, uh, we just created it etc.
And you'll also find it under approvals, as you can see somewhere here at ₹20,000, 10th
September, right?
So you have it.
Uh, now that you have it, you could basically take it to the approval or rejection, whatever it
is.
Let's say I have approved this trip.
Okay, now as an employee, I get to at least, um, go for the trip settlement. If you're
wondering what happened to this, I'll just show you. Here.
I didn't ask for an advance, that's why I can't ask it, uh, in the previous tab because I never
asked for advance.
So it is asking for a trip settlement.
So I can drop some documents, etc., right?
Uh, so randomly let me just, uh, drop some random document of a rental agreement or
whatever it is.
Uh, yes. From document factory. This again, I, I would have added the same document in
other places and that's why it is giving it as a duplicate, etc. Uh, but we'll just see, uh, what
happens overall.

--- Page 2 ---
Uh, so I was able to add it.
It flags, it says GitHub looks like, uh, this is a coworking space membership. It's not. Domestic
travel.
Anyway, you're not even expecting this level of sophistication.
If you do this, that's great. All we are expecting is to have you build an application and see
like what are the thought processes you have gone and what kind of, uh, requirement you
have set for yourself. And are you able to have different, uh, workflows across different
roles? And, uh, are they working well with some validations?
Right? And if you're wondering how did this workflow of, uh, uh, what do you call, claims,
etc., happen in terms of domestic travel, etc., what is the 6 steps or what is this, uh, 3 steps,
etc., this might have come in from an origin, right?
So that's where I'll just probably show you as an admin, okay?
So we're not even expecting you to build at this level.
If you build it, that's amazing, uh, You don't need to even look further in.
Like, now you'll be, uh, considered directly for the final round, right?
So here, if you look at this, um, we have created different category of expenses. And I call,
like, I'll just show you the domestic travel for time being.
We'll add domestic travel, and I can add my policy documents, I can create some forms, I can
also have workflow here. There are 6 steps of the workflow, and that's why You're probably
seeing the steps as 6 steps. First is you make a travel request, that is with the travel request
form, and then you have an approval, that is your reporting managers have to approve. And
if your threshold is something above, then someone else has to approve, etc. and all.
So if you can see here, there is travel request, trip approval, advance reimbursement, trip
settlement, finance payout, and that's the reason like there are 6 categories. And then we
also have the integrations review, etc. and on, right? Similarly for other categories, as you
can see here, there are other categories as well. When I click on this, it only has 3 steps.
This conference only has 3 steps.
So similarly, if I search for conference, obviously we have only created with 3 steps, right?
Claim, manager, payout, etc. Again, I mean, we are not expecting you to create different
categories. Even if you create, you don't need like this level of sophistication.
But even if you create in a very basic way an admin dashboard, manager, employee, it shows
the workflow on how you would be able to build a full-stack application. I think that would be
amazing, and that's what we are expecting, right? Your way of thinking, your way of problem
solving, and your way of going about addressing a problem. Because right now a lot of effort
has to go in critical thinking of how to solve a problem, what kind of architecture I need to
build, because the rest of the execution is taken by AI. And then after that, you have to

--- Page 3 ---
review it critically.
Generated by WhisperAI
https://whisperai.com

